And did you get married while you were working there or did you...
Yes.
Right.
That's another story.
Oh, maybe have that, maybe hear that.
Well, when we got engaged, my parents booked a wedding for us in London for the August.
This was all in the June.
And Ivo, in the meantime, was ordered to go abroad.
Firstly, he was ordered to leave Bletchley and go up north somewhere.
And whilst he was there, he was told he was going to have a vacation leave because he was going abroad.
And one day he ran to tell me that this was to happen.
And he said, what should we do?
We can either get married now or wait if you'd rather, we'll wait till the war's over.
And I said, no, we'll get married now.
So we had to get married by special license.
And I had, because I was under 21, I had to have my parents' permission to do so.
And that's what we did.
We, my mother, father, my sister, Muriel, and I, we travelled to Cardiff.
And from Bletchley we had to change at London Paddington.
And my father was to be dropped off by a taxi to pick up from the bank the paperwork that was necessary.
And Muriel and my mum and I went on in the taxi to Paddington.
And my father was in another taxi to see about the license.
And whilst he was in the taxi there was a bomb's warning.
And he had to get out of the taxi and sort of go underneath to hide from the bombing.
And then we travelled to Cardiff and got married.
Then, and two weeks later, Ivo went, he left.
Do you know where he went?
Obviously at the time you probably didn't.
We didn't know then, but he went to Italy.